MCIT 591 Spring 2020 Team 43 Summary:Team Members: Yang Liu, Andrew Porth, Yinjie ZhangProject Description:A java program to simulate the operation of a casual taco themed restaurant using JavaFX GUI.  There are two separate interfaces, one for the customer, and one for the manager.The customer interface facilitates viewing the menu, making reservations, and placing orders for delivery or for dining-in. The menu page contains tabs displaying the different menu items available and displays prices that can fluctuate with the cost of inputs. The order page allows for dine-in or delivery options and also displays a randomly generated amount of funds for the customer to spend.  The review page allows the customer to write their own reviews for the restaurant.The manager interface has tabs allowing the manager to monitor the assignment of tables to diners who are eating-in, manage employees, monitor transaction history in real time, and view inventory, which is continually updated as food orders are filled and supplies are purchased. In addition, there is a window that allows the manager to see the current bank account balance, which is adjusted up and down with sales and purchases.The menu is constructed by reading a file containing recipes for the menu items, which then have cost, price and calorie content calculated for each. The inventory file is then read to populate the kitchen with an initial level of inventory of all items.When an order is placed all of the components of the order are removed from inventory and a transaction record is written out to a file where it is available to the manager function. Inventory levels are checked, and purchase orders are executed for those items that have been depleted below an established threshold. The inventory is refreshed and can be viewed in the manager interface.The project is divided roughly into three parts: the customer interface, the manager interface, and the kitchen, which handles the order processing and inventory manipulation. Yang Liu took the lead on the Customer interface, Yinjie Zhang developed the manager interface, and Andrew Porth developed the kitchen functions, which interact with both interfaces. Of course, in order to get a complex program like this to function there had to be close cooperation among all parties.The github repository for the project is at  https://github.com/UPenn-CIT599/final-project-team-43-restaurant-app.